Now, we will dig a bit deeper into evaluating whether
that behavior leads to conversions or user actions that are important to your business.
Here is what you will learn in this lesson.
A few basic definitions,
setting up a goal in Google Analytics,
conversion reporting, evaluating conversion funnels,
using Google Analytics for e-commerce reporting,
evaluating shopping behavior, and evaluating
the influence of multiple channels in a conversion.
So, let's take a look at
a few definitions that will come in handy as we go through this lesson.
I put them all in one place next,
but we will repeat the definitions as we go through the lesson.